Fix topics in loki.source.kafka (#2351)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.source.kafka.md

`assignor` values can be either `"range"`, `"roundrobin"`, or `"sticky"`.

> If a topic starts with a '^', it is treated as a regex and may match multiple topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a topic starts with a '^', it is treated as a regular expression and may match multiple topics.
```
